[SPARK-54784] Document the security policy on ml models (#676)
apache/spark-website: security.md

private cloud environments), using restrict access to the Spark cluster with robust authentication, 
authorization, and network controls.

<h3>Is loading a machine learning model secure? Who is responsible for model security?</h3> 

Loading an Apache Spark ML model is equivalent to loading and executing code within the Spark runtime.

> Spark ML models may contain serialized objects, custom transformers, user-defined expressions, and execution graphs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spark ML models might contain serialized objects, custom transformers, user-defined expressions, and execution graphs. 
```

May --> Permission ("May I go to the park?") 
Might --> Uncertainty ("I might go to the park")

During model loading, Spark deserializes these components, reconstructs the pipeline, and instantiates runtime objects. 
This process can invoke executable logic on the Spark driver and executors. As a result, a malicious or tampered model 

> may execute arbitrary code, access sensitive data, or compromise cluster nodes.

Reviewer: Is it a malicious model or _any_ model that might execute arbitrary code? 

Try: 

```suggestion
This process can invoke executable logic on the Spark driver and executors. Any model, but particularly that is compromised or intentionally created with malicious intent, 
might execute arbitrary code, access sensitive data, or compromise cluster nodes.
```
